There are moments in life when you miss someone so much that you just want to pick them from your dreams and hug them for real! Dream what you want to dream;go where you want to go;be what you want to be,because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do.
모모May you have enough happiness to make you sweet,enough trials to make you strong,enough sorrow to keep you human,enough hope to make you happy? Always put yourself in others몶shoes.If you feel that it hurts you,it probably hurts the other person, too.
모모The happiest of people don몶t necessarily have the best of everything;they just make the most of everything that comes along their way.Happiness lies for those who cry,those who hurt, those who have searched,and those who have tried,for only they can appreciate the importance of people
모모who have touched their lives.Love begins with a smile,grows with a kiss and ends with a tear.The brightest future will always be based on a forgotten past, you can몶t go on well in lifeuntil you let go of your past failures and heartaches.
모모When you were born,you were crying and everyone around you was smiling.Live your life so that when you die,you're the one who is smiling and everyone around you is crying.
모모Please send this message to those people who mean something to you,to those who have touched your life in one way or another,to those who make you smile when you really need it,
to those that make you see the brighter side of things when you are really down,to those who you want to let them know that you appreciate their friendship.And if you don몶t, don몶t worry,nothing bad will happen to you,you will just miss out on the opportunity to brighten someone몶s day with this message.
Mr. Johnson had never been up in an aerophane before and he had read a lot about air accidents, so one day when a friend offered to take him for a ride in his own small phane, Mr. Johnson was very worried about accepting. Finally, however, his friend persuaded him that it was very safe, and Mr. Johnson boarded the plane.

모모His friend started the engine and began to taxi onto the runway of the airport. Mr. Johnson had heard that the most dangerous part of a flight were the take-off and the landing, so he was extremely frightened and closed his eyes.

모모After a minute or two he opened them again, looked out of the window of the plane, and said to his friend, "Look at those people down there. They look as small as ants, don't they?"

모모"Those are ants," answered his friend. "We're still on the ground."